Justin Anthony & Aiden Crilley
        Design Approach

Our first attempt at dividing the problem into chunks and working on it in smaller pieces
involved establishing data structures for each process queue being used, data types for 
incoming jobs, and being able to read in the information from the text file (which honestly took longer than
expected). 

We then moved forward to testing the 5 cases of possible input based on the first letter in
the input file (C, A, Q, D, or L) and prescribing a different method for each. Job arrival was simple, 
as we just adhered to the 3 steps outlined in the project pdf. The system configuration was just a matter
of setting the global variables (time, memory, devices, quantum). Device request proved to be a little difficult,
as implementing Banker's algorithm in the safety check took a while to get running correctly. But, we 
included screenshots of evidence that it is working correctly with examples of requests that would put the 
system into an unsafe mode being rejected, meaning that the algorithm is working. The device release was more 
or less a matter of just reallocating the devices to the global variable. And the system display was just a matter of 
formatting a series of print statements correctly.

After finishing these methods, we moved onto formatting the queues so that they would actually simulate being pushed 
onto the CPU and "running" so to speak, but this is where we ran into trouble. We were unable to figure out how to 
call our cpuCycle() function in the correct way so as to actually simulate processes being executed and moved from
the ready queue to the CPU and back, and could only figure out in theory how the function should actually work. After hours
of fiddling with it, we felt we had exhausted all our options and were unable to move forward past that. 

This was really the big part of the project, and although everything else worked, we were unable to actually simulate
CPU runtime, even though jobs were moving between different queues as they should have been. Hopefully the output files and 
screenshots we have included demonstrate this adequately. 